Allah Allah
you don't eat you don't tell me all
about trying probably Jenna kidding
Helena
I said yeah can hold on though I know a
table
oh yeah oh I know you hope cha cha don't
cha cha don't cha cha cha
my kitchen telephony and Pablo yes yeah
either I know Jo Jo
you don't owe her money and chocolate
sorry Holly now you tell your blue
Yamaha jello gun
don't don't wobble Hodge is all gonna
come around you that's I'm no no don't
send me a favor here I'm a being gentle
ciao sorry Holly :
and so penny huh king california versus
yeah yeah yeah bond thought a little
notch ah well fuck your mama man
hey sorry that you something oh hi
Bernie you we don't won't tell the group
we all huh no no no don't don't watch it
okay so I didn't tell you by nola video
you can watch on your dress on you
started Simon
sorry honey yeah no sorry ma hey Toro we
are literally me oh yeah come on come on
you crazy mother Sally no question
at all that's a to horizontal Allah
Ta'ala
nobody turn on your child holding we all
want don't watch it okay y'all doing how
y'all doing
he'll tell John Helen hi